## How to Use Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso to Repair Your Computer

 
![Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso \[WORK\]](https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTzY0Le5VZqCQoj1n9t2SLkAP_hUBftME_-9hbAkIsN2Cj9SVz06FRoCvw)

 
# How to Use Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso to Repair Your Computer
 
If you are having trouble with your computer, such as booting problems, virus infections, data recovery, or partition management, you might want to try Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso, a powerful tool that contains a collection of dos and windows utilities.
 
## Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso


[**Download File**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fblltly.com%2F2tK4H6&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw35Bc_caI_Sy6iqEWU2wM4O)

 
Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso is an image file that you can burn to a CD or a USB flash drive using a program like Rufus or CDBurnerXP. You can then boot your computer from the CD or USB and access the utilities that are included in the image.
 
Some of the utilities that you can find in Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso are:
 
- Antivirus Tools: F-Prot Antivirus, McAfee Antivirus, etc.
- BIOS / CMOS Tools: BIOS Cracker, CMOS Save / Restore Tool, etc.
- Disk Clone Tools: Acronis True Image, Norton Ghost, etc.
- Disk Defragmenter: Defraggler
- Disk Diagnostic Tools: GSmartControl, HDDScan, etc.
- Disk Partition Tools: AOMEI Partition Assistant, EaseUS Partition Master, etc.
- Dos File Managers: Dos Command Center, Dos Navigator, etc.
- Mini Windows 98: A small version of Windows 98 that can run from RAM drive with NTFS support and various applications.
- Windows Recovery: Lazesoft Windows Recovery
- And many more...

To use Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso, you need to download it from [https://www.hirensbootcd.org/hbcd-v91/](https://www.hirensbootcd.org/hbcd-v91/) and then burn it to a CD or USB using a program like Rufus or CDBurnerXP. You can find detailed instructions on how to do that on the website.
 
Once you have the CD or USB ready, you need to boot your computer from it by changing the boot order in the BIOS or using a boot menu key. You will then see a menu with various options to choose from depending on what you want to do with your computer.
 
For example, if you want to scan your computer for viruses, you can choose Antivirus Tools and then select one of the antivirus programs available. If you want to clone your hard drive to another one, you can choose Disk Clone Tools and then select one of the disk imaging programs available.
 
Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso is a very useful tool that can help you repair your computer in many situations. However, you should always backup your important data before using it and use it at your own risk as some of the utilities may cause data loss or damage if used incorrectly.
  
One of the common problems that you can fix with Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso is a forgotten Windows password. If you have lost or forgotten your Windows password and cannot log in to your computer, you can use Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso to reset it.
 
To reset your Windows password with Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso, you need to follow these steps:

1. Boot your computer with Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso by changing the boot order in the BIOS or using a boot menu key.
2. Choose Mini Windows 98 from the menu and wait for it to load.
3. Go to Start Menu -> Security -> Passwords -> NT Password Edit.
4. Open your SAM file (It is usually located in C:\Windows\System32\config\SAM).
5. Click your username and then click 'Change password'.
6. To set a new password, type your password both in the 'New password' and 'Verify' fields and then click OK.
7. To remove the password, leave both fields blank and then click OK.
8. Save the changes to the SAM file by clicking Save changes.
9. Exit NT Password Edit and restart your computer.
10. You should now be able to log in to your Windows account with the new or no password.

This is just one example of how you can use Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso to repair your computer. There are many other utilities that you can explore and use for different purposes such as data recovery, disk management, system information, network tools, etc.
 
Hirens.BootCD.9.1.iso is a handy tool that can save you time and money when you encounter computer problems. However, you should always be careful when using it and make sure you know what you are doing before making any changes to your system.
 0f148eb4a0
